document certfp auth via soju (#364)
Libera-Chat/libera-chat.github.io: content/_guides/certfp.md

Refer to znc's [official documentation](https://wiki.znc.in/Cert).

### soju

> Soju handles certificate generation and setup for you, see `certfp generate`

Reviewer: maybe something like:

```suggestion
Soju cannot use self-generated certificates. Instead, certificate generation and setup are handled automatically for you, see `certfp generate`
```
